So now we have to do the first thing that the login we are doing to the user, its data is giving us a Google login, before that we will have to save a place.
What was he saying now that the Google login we were doing, then Google gives us some object in response after login.
So there is an email of the user, there is a name of the user, there is a profile picture of the user and there are some 2-3 IDs in it.
Those things are what Google returns to us after login. So now we just did a simple login and that pop-up was open and the entire interface was visible there.
But now what we have to do is that we have to store that object, according to that we will determine whether the user is logged in or not.
So now what we will do is that first of all we will go to the top and one more thing.
Here you see one thing, here we have put what attributes in Google login.
Here we have given the size, type, so we have given it for styling.
What is this one-tap? You must have noticed one thing that comes up even before we click on Google login, by doing continuous stacking, which used to come at the top.
That is for this, so you do not have to click on the continue with Google button, there is an option directly there, which came by doing continuous stacking.
So this is fine, but this is the main important thing.
On-site.
On-success.
What does on-success do?
What does on-success do is that whenever you log in, then here you have to determine something or the other that what is after login.
Meaning on-success, meaning here the user has successfully logged in.
So this thing called credential response returns a value parameter.
Okay.
Credentials response returns a parameter.
So we said that as soon as the login is successful and the parameter of credential response comes, then a callback function will come.
What do you do directly for this?
You call the on-success function.
So basically what we did is that as soon as the user log in as soon as it is successful.
So here is a function called on-success, call it.
Now in the on-success function, you send this parameter called credential response.
Now we have not made the on-success yet, we make it.
And in the on-error, as soon as there is an error, there will be a problem, a login field will come.
Now what do we do?
Let's go here.
And here we will first make a state basically.
Now what will we do here?
We need some things.
Const userInfo.
The name of userInfo.
We will make one state.
And we will make one set userInfo.
What will this state do?
Let's see this thing.
Now the data we will get after login will be stored in this userInfo.
So after login, what data will we need?
Now I will tell you.
So the first data will need a name.
So what is the name of the user?
Right.
What will we need for the second thing?
We will need an email.
What will we need after email?
We will need a picture.
Picture.
Right.
So this gives you a URL.
Which is the profile photo of Gmail.
It gives you that profile photo.
Then there is a sub.
Sub is an ID.
So for every Gmail, there is a unique ID.
You get that ID.
And it stays the same all the time.
That is, if Techerecon logs in every time, then everything will be the same for it.
But if there is another email, John Doe, then everything will be different for that person.
Right.
Now we will need these things.
Now where will we get these things?
To get these things, we will have to do the credential response.
We will have to get these things out of the object.
So first we will make the onSuccess function.
Hence onSuccess.
We will make a function by saying onSuccess.
And in this we will put a parameter.
What?
Credential.
Credential response.
Okay.
So we will receive the credential response parameter.
In this we will do the first thing.
Look, the credential response that comes.
Yes, I will tell you one more thing.
Credential response is basically the object that comes from Google.
It is not decoded.
It means that it is encoded.
So I will print it once.
Wait a minute.
As soon as I print it, you will understand what it is.
Console.log credential response.
Now we will do one thing.
We will log in the console above the credential response.
Now we come here.
And is there any error coming here?
Okay.
Use state is not defined.
Okay fine.
So here we have made the use state.
But did not import.
So first we import the use state from here.
It is given.
We have imported the use state.
Okay.
We come back to the browser.
Here you see.
This is the one tab one.
What I was telling you.
This thing.
First of all, we clear the console before logging in.
So console.clear.
One minute.
Okay.
After this, I will take this thing a little to the side.
This is good.
As soon as I do continuous stacking.
As soon as it becomes successful.
So see this is the whole credential.
You must be seeing.
This credential has come.
Who is returning this to us?
We are returning this Gmail, Google login.
As soon as we did that, it was returned immediately.
Now in the credential too.
One more important thing.
This credential.
By doing a credential in the credential.
The credential response is complete.
The credential in it.
This is our credential.
This is important for us.
All this data is stored in this.
Now, but if you see all this, then it is encoded.
You must not understand anything.
Is not it?
Entire encoded data.
So we will have to decode it.
Now we will use something to decode.
Which is called JWT.
Decode.
So there is a JWT library.
Let's use it to decode.
Okay.
So now let's go back to our code.
And first of all, what do we do?
Let's open the terminal.
and jwt
we will install that first
for that we will go to our terminal
and write npm install
jwt equal
you will write this
as soon as you write your install will be done
ok, install is done
now you have to come back
and here you have to import it
to import you have to come here
and write
import jwt
underscore
decode
from
jwtd code
jwtd
library is imported
now what you have to do
you have to go down and here
now our on success function
in this credential response
we have to decode it first
we will do const
decode
now we will put credential response
dot credential
because we have to decode that credential
because it has everything
credential is spelling right
ok
after this
as soon as that thing decodes
after decoding
we want
as soon as it decodes
our user info
our user info state
whatever things are running in it
so let me tell you what happened
as soon as we decode it
ok
and here we write decoded
after decoding we gave its name
now as soon as we became successful
first we made a state
in state we were saying
that we will take all these things
we will take all these things
from the response of gmail
now
we have to take all these things
from the response of gmail
so what we did
first in on success
the credential response
in that credential object
first we decode it
decode
then we used object destructuring
here we used set user info
set user info
we used this
first we copied
object was copied
and then
we added value in it
so what value went in name
which is name
in name we decoded
dot name
ok
after decoding
in it
there is one more
key of name
we have that
email
picture
right
everything
so these are some things
which were in it
and we took all these
and put in it
let me do one more thing
that
I will show you
here
whatever
decoded
thing
I will show you
by printing
so that you can
see the clearance
ok
now what is decoded
the credential
which was encoded
in front of you
it is decoding
so now
I have printed it
now let's do one thing
let's check it once
in browser
ok
so once
I am going in browser
after coming in browser
I do continuous check
and
here I open it
so see
as soon as I open it
see
everything is decoded
that credential
which was there
is decoded
see
your email
email
all these things
verified
name
account
all these things
which are
picture
which is picture
one minute
I will show you
this thing
in new tab
ok
so
see
picture
everything is there
so what happened here
here
all these things
are decoded
and what did we do
email
name
right
after name
your picture
and all these things
we have stored in state
that's it
we have done nothing else
ok
now
we come to this
and
here we have stored
all these things
but now
we have stored
so after this
what will we do
after storing
we want
to log in
for the user
just like that
user
like that
redirect
in main page
in main
page
so
this is our main page
as user log in
as like
he redirect here
and
directly
if this page
user come
try
then he can't
come
where
he go to
login page
from office
go to login page
means
user can't come directly
otherwise if the user is verified then it goes directly to the main page
so what we do to do this, first we go to our code
and after going here, first we use local storage
for this we come down a little, here we use a use effect
use effect
and by using use effect we do one thing
first let's import it to use effect
it has been imported to use effect
now what we do here first
as soon as the details of the user come
these things
as soon as all these things come, user info comes to us
this object becomes complete
details come in it
as soon as we do this
we set all these details in local storage
now why are we setting it in local storage, I will tell you
so for this I have done one thing first
which is
if
user info
dot
in which we are going to write
is
now let's see what happened
what i did
what happened
first user login
all details are set
after setting
these details don't get set immediately
in any state
state takes time to run
if any value is saved in state
then it takes time
to print
for example
if you are going to print
this state
then it gets printed 2-3 times
because in this state
changes are happening slowly
so
the number of changes in a state
is the number of times it runs
so this means
state takes time to load
to complete
so what we did
we set a use effect
we said whenever
changes in user info
i.e. changes in this state
because first name will come
then email will come
then picture will come
then these changes are happening
right
so we will say
until changes
run this thing
now what we did
we set a condition
set it in local storage
so we put a check
that here actually
something should happen
it should not happen that
something is not there
i.e. state is made
then we know
first email is set
picture is set
name is not set
so we put a condition
so we put this
because we want
that something should happen
as soon as this thing happens
then we will want
that user
where should it go
it should go
window dot
location dot
forward slash
what we did
means
as soon as things are saved
user should not go forward slash
i.e. go to main page
so now we see one more thing
local storage
so we talked about what will happen
that here first
data of state will be saved in local storage
and after that
it will be redirected to forward slash
i.e. main page
but what is local storage
tell me
so for that one more thing
we have given windows dot location
we have to take it up
we will take it up
so it should be in if condition
because if it is in if condition
then it will not be in if condition
so it will work every time
as soon as user info is updated
i.e. if you enter in page
then it will work
right
and after that
because user info is empty
so first time it worked
so as soon as you enter in page
it will redirect you
so no one will let you go in login page
basic thing
and one more thing
after that you can redirect user
now second thing
what is local storage
so what is local storage
we understand it by looking at our browser
so we came in our browser
this is our browser
and here
i go to slash login
and this is our page
now what is happening
that browser provides space
to every website
in a computer
in which site stores
that data can be any
or that data can be user specific
right
or it can be login data
like ours
so anything can be
so now this data
we are saving this data in local storage
which chrome offers
to every website
so how it looks
we will see it once
so what we did
we go to our code
and we created an object
basically we named that object
as user info object
which is saved in local storage
in local storage all the things
are saved in the form of an object
so you created user info object
and then you have to stringify it
stringify means you have to
convert object into string
and store it
so basically object is converted
into string and stored
so we stringified user info object
and put it in local storage
and now we will see
how local storage looks
so just like
I am creating a control shift
so you can see
there is a console
from the console you are in
application
when you click in application
you can see local storage
you can see it
as soon as http localhost
you can see here, so basically this is from our Google login, so you don't have to pay attention to this.
Our main data will be stored, that is, the user info object will be stored here after logging in.
So I'll show you how and here when I do continuous tech and as soon as I do it, it redirects me first
and as soon as I redirected, it redirected to the windows.location and I came to the main page.
And here you can see that this user info object has been stored.
User info object has been stored and what is the name here?
Email has been, name has been, picture has been, everything has been, these things have been stored here.
Now do you understand what local storage is?
Basically, this space is provided by the browser in the user's computer where the site can store its own information.
Don't store your sensitive information here.
So here our authentication with Google login has been completed.